# Variables as Pointers

1. It will log 'Hello' twice. The myWorld variable is initialized with the value 'Hello' on line 1. The myOtherWorld variable is initialized with the value of the myWord variable.
2. It will log 'Goodbye' and then 'Hello'. The myWorld variable is initialized with the value 'Hello' on line 1. The myOtherWorld variable is initialized with the value of the myWord variable. Then, the myWord variable is reassigned to the string 'Goodbye'.
3. It will log ['Hi', 'Goodbye'] twice. The myWords variable is initialized to the array ['Hello', 'Goodbye']. The myOtherWords is initialized to the myWords array and so both variables point to the same array in memory. The first element of the myWords array is reassigned to the string 'Hi'. This mutation will also affect the myOtherWords array.
4. It will log ['Hi', 'Bye'] and then ['Hello', 'Goodbye']. The myWords variable is initialized to the array ['Hello', 'Goodbye']. The myOtherWords is initialized to the myWords array and so both variables point to the same array in memory. Then, the myWords array is reassigned to the array ['Hi', 'Bye'].
5. It will log ['Hi', 'Goodbye'] and then 'Hello'. The myWords variable is initialized to the array ['Hello', 'Goodbye']. The myWord variable is initialized to the first element of the myWords array which is the string 'Hello'. Then, the first element of myWords is reassigned to the string 'Hi'. This change will not affect myWord since strings are immutable.
6. It will log ['Hi', 'Goodbye'] and then 'Hello'. The myWords variable is initialized to the array ['Hello', 'Goodbye']. The myWord variable is initialized to 'Hi'. The first element of myWords is reassigned to the value of myWord which is 'Hi'. However, the 'Hi' string is different from the 'Hi' string of myWord since strings are a primitive type and so they refer to different strings in memory. Lastly, the myWord variable is reassigned to the string 'Hello'.
